fix(www): broken link on home page (#12736)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/blog/2018-03-07-why-we-created-the-plugin-library/index.md

tags: ["plugins", "documentation"]
---

> Earlier this week, we launched a [Plugin Library](/packages/) on Gatsbyjs.org and are excited for you to use it! This article explains how UX research drove the design of this library and the accompanying [Plugin Authoring](/docs/source-plugin-tutorial/) doc.

Author: ```suggestion
Earlier this week, we launched a [Plugin Library](/packages/) on Gatsbyjs.org and are excited for you to use it! This article explains how UX research drove the design of this library and the accompanying [Plugin Authoring](/docs/how-plugins-work/) doc.
```

- Share feedback on the plugin library on [GitHub Issue #4394](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues/4394).
- If you created a plugin and it's not showing up in the library, double check that the package has "gatsby-plugin" in its keywords.

> - Create plugins (or publish ones you've already built)! If you're interested, the [Plugin Authoring](/docs/source-plugin-tutorial/) page can help.

Author: ```suggestion
- Create plugins (or publish ones you've already built)! If you're interested, the [Plugin Authoring](/docs/how-plugins-work/) page can help.
```
